Functional Requirements
1) If the command is "check_cards", check whether a deck of cards is tampered with, if it's a normal deck, or if it's a deck prepared for blackjack. A deck of cards is considered tampered if there are cards with numbers or suits that do not exist in reality (allowed numbers are from 2 to 14, where 11 is the ace, and allowed suits are red, black, diamond, or club), and "Tampered Deck" will be displayed. A deck of cards is considered OK if it's not tampered, if all the cards in it are different, and if there are a total of 52 cards, in which case "OK Deck" will be displayed. A deck is considered good for Blackjack if it's not tampered, and in this case, "Ready for Blackjack" will be displayed. A newline (\n) will be left after these prints.

2) If the command is "shuffle_cards", shuffle the cards using the Linear Congruential Generator (LCG) algorithm. The generator is defined by the recurrence relation Xn+1 = (a * Xn + c) mod m. If 2 pairs of numbers a, c, and X0 are given from the keyboard, then a pair of indices will be generated and the cards at the respective positions will be exchanged, and the current index will become the previous index for the generator (See example!). The constant m will represent the number of cards in the deck. This algorithm will be applied to the deck 50 times. The shuffled cards will be displayed in the format <card_number>,<card_suit>, separated by newline (\n).

3) If the command is "play_game", play Blackjack games until EOF with n players at a table. The game will be played according to the rules stated at the beginning of the problem. It is considered that there are NO aces in the deck! (Meaning the deck will consist of 48 cards, not 52!) The deck of cards will be shuffled at each round of Blackjack using the LCG algorithm described above (applied also 50 times). Initially, the deck of cards is arranged in the following order: there will be 48 cards in a deck (because we don't have aces) in the order 2 red, 3 red, ..., 14 red, 2 black, ..., 14 black, 2 diamond, ..., 14 diamond, 2 club, ..., 14 club (Note that there is no 11!). At each round, the deck of cards will be shuffled using the LCG algorithm with the current values read from the keyboard. The stake is 10 euros per player so that the round win brings the player 10 euros, and if they lose, they will have 10 euros minus. If the player runs out of money (has less than 10 euros), they will leave the table. Finally, the remaining players at the table will be displayed in the format name: money_amount, separated by newline (\n).

Input
The first line contains a word command, representing the subpoint you want to execute. For subpoint 1), lines of the form <card_number>,<card_suit> are read from the keyboard until EOF, where card_number is an integer, without sign, on 8 bits, and card_suit is a string of maximum 30 characters. For subpoint 2), 6 integers are read from the keyboard, 3 per line, representing the constants a, c, and X0. Then, cards are read until EOF in the format specified in subpoint 1). For subpoint 3), an integer n is read representing the number of players present at the Blackjack table. On the next n lines, there are the n players in the format <name> <money_amount>, where name is a string representing the player's name, consisting of a single word, and money_amount represents the amount of money with which the player enters the table, an unsigned integer on 32 bits. On the next lines until EOF, 6 values are read per line, representing the entries of the LCG generator for shuffling the cards in the current game.

Output
The values will be displayed at the output according to the specification in the requirement, without displaying any other text in the console! Display only the requested result!
